http://storm.apache.org/releases/1.0.0/Setting-up-a-Storm-cluster.html
先安装依赖：
Java 7
Python 2.6.6
http://storm.apache.org/
点击对应版本。 然后到下载页，进行下载。
unzip
vi conf/storm.yaml

1) storm.zookeeper.servers: This is a list of the hosts in the Zookeeper cluster for your Storm cluster. It should look something like:

配置zk的地址

storm.zookeeper.servers:- "111.222.333.444"- "555.666.777.888"
If the port that your Zookeeper cluster uses is different than the default, you should set storm.zookeeper.port as well.

如果不是默认端口，则需要配置一下端口

2) storm.local.dir: The Nimbus and Supervisor daemons require a directory on the local disk to store small amounts of state (like jars, confs, and things like that). You should create that directory on each machine, give it proper permissions, and then fill in the directory location using this config. For example:

用来存储少量的状态

storm.local.dir: "/mnt/storm"
If you run storm on windows,it could be: yaml storm.local.dir: "C:\\storm-local" If you use a relative path,it will be relative to where you installed storm(STORM_HOME). You can leave it empty with default value $STORM_HOME/storm-local

3) nimbus.seeds: The worker nodes need to know which machines are the candidate of master in order to download topology jars and confs. For example:

集群节点的IP

nimbus.seeds: ["111.222.333.44"]
You're encouraged to fill out the value to list of machine's FQDN. If you want to set up Nimbus H/A, you have to address all machines' FQDN which run nimbus. You may want to leave it to default value when you just want to set up 'pseudo-distributed' cluster, but you're still encouraged to fill out FQDN.

4) supervisor.slots.ports: For each worker machine, you configure how many workers run on that machine with this config. Each worker uses a single port for receiving messages, and this setting defines which ports are open for use. If you define five ports here, then Storm will allocate up to five workers to run on this machine. If you define three ports, Storm will only run up to three. By default, this setting is configured to run 4 workers on the ports 6700, 6701, 6702, and 6703. For example:

每一个worker一个端口，配置有多少个worker就需要有多少个端口。

supervisor.slots.ports:- 6700- 6701- 6702- 6703
注：每一个配置点前面需要加一个空格“”，否则启动时会报配置文件相关异常。

配置参考：
https://github.com/apache/storm/blob/v1.0.0/conf/defaults.yaml

Nimbus: Run the command "bin/storm nimbus &" under supervision on the master machine.
Supervisor: Run the command "bin/storm supervisor &" under supervision on each worker machine. The supervisor daemon is responsible for starting and stopping worker processes on that machine.
UI: Run the Storm UI (a site you can access from the browser that gives diagnostics on the cluster and topologies) by running the command "bin/storm ui &" under supervision. The UI can be accessed by navigating your web browser to http://{ui host}:8080.
    

单机跑很容易，准备集群跑。
http://storm.apache.org/releases/1.0.2/index.html  这里什么都有。
http://storm.apache.org/releases/1.0.2/Running-topologies-on-a-production-cluster.html
storm jar path/to/allmycode.jar org.me.MyTopology arg1
  ./storm jar /usr/storm/storm-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar cn.cover.storm.TestSpring mystorm
grep -r NewsActionSpout ./

spring报错的问题解决：
http://chenzhou123520.iteye.com/blog/1971322

vi log4j2/cluster.xml

./storm kill cover-9

./storm/bin/storm jar /usr/local/strom/storm-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar cn.cover.storm.TestSpring mystorm
tail -f -n 200 storm/logs/workers-artifacts/mystorm-4-1479374164/6702/worker.log


